# Notebook

## Core Concepts
### Reflections on the reading
  I think I lean more towards Latour & Lowe's understanding of cultural reproduction than Benjamin's. This is not to say that I disagree with Benjamin on everything; though I find his views a little overly cycnical, some of his remarks on the ways in which we passively consume media and culture can seem uncomfortably prophetic. But I disagree that reproduction necessarily makes an object transitory, and I made note of this in hypothes.is: I actually believe that our modern technology has allowed us for potentially longer-lasting preservation of some media and culture, and thus a potentially longer period period for engagement with it.
  
  Latour & Lowe's idea of the "aura" actually growing in the process of reproduction is new to me and I am quite interested in it. One instance where I can see its effects working in a somewhat odd manner is in that of the consumption of music as a cultural object. Music is currently commonly available to people in digital formats, and while little (in fact, seemingly continuously diminishing) value is placed on any given instance of recorded music such as a digital file, the abundance and easy reproduction of digital audio files seems to have given way to a fetishistic obsession with music stored in physical formats, such as vinyl. This could be seen as a kind of re-enforcing of the aura of the "physical origin" of music on vinyl record, at least in how it is seen as a cultural narrative. Whether this is an entirely appropriate use of the analysis is not totally clear to me, and I'm also prompted to wonder why a similar aura doesn't surround what was more recently the dominant physical storage device for music, the CD.

## Jan. 24th
### Reflection on the reading
  The article seemed to make much of the possibilities of engaging with a community by not trying to digitally capture "objectively" and rather following the subjective whims of the community. I can certainly see the value in such an approach from the experiential and process perspectives, but I do wonder about its practicality. The Rhynie Woman group's concept of searching for "Art.ifacts" is certainly interesting from a theoretical standpoint. I am unsure, though, of how "accessible" their projects would be to the general public. As some of the scans/models captured did not display their objects as they would normally appear to people, they run the risk of appearing incomprensible without a guide to the goals of what the group was attempting to accomplish.

  How important this is will depend on context, of course; museums will probably be more concerned with access of display to public understanding than an art collective. And I do have to give the Rhynie Woman group credit for the defamiliarizing power of their project - perhaps a new "aura" can be bestowed on a cultural object when it becomes less recognizable in a new context?
